I have a tiny piece of from Europe you
can even find those everywhere and just
pick them out of the plastic it's
wrapped around I'm going to make it into
a nice marrow for my dollhouse for that
I using green clay and I roll it out so
it can be put around my mirror this is
going to be the base for what we're
gonna do
and now you put it around the mirror
careful you don't break the mirror
all the way all the way around the
mirror squeeze it good so it's covering
the edge of the mirror make sure it's
touch the ground and cover the edge all
around like this I'm now we going to
take our small flower cutter and I have
a leaf cutter - these you can do it with
hard whatever kind of decorations you
like and then I'm going to take a little
tiny piece of lighter green Folies like
this cut up some leaves
I'll take a leave some put them on the
frame here just back you feel like
decide if you want to fill out all the
frames with flowered Corolla green or if
you just want to make a few flowers here
and there on the green
I'm going to make a few flowers here in
there because covering all the frame
would take up pretty pretty much all my
clay and it would take like the whole
day
when you have all the leaves on you like
then you find out what color you want
your photos to be now I take my wife and
I put it through my custom machine in
the same size as the other one
here we go making flowers
and I'm sake so I'm kind of two with a
ball on with that bowl fun like you can
see here a small one I'm gonna take a
flower and I squeeze it up around this
one this small bowl and I just stick it
to my frame
when you have all the white flowers on
what you like to get you can take some
kind of above like painting or whatever
and just put a bit of it on the edge of
the flowers
like that and then you can take some
other colors of clay you would have let
match the color I have this with color
I'm going to make a few flowers
oh this one
like this if you feel like decorating
with more or less or with heart turn
there whatever you like to you can do it
just like you feel like so go ahead and
create a nice looking mirror
you